
Sprint Retrospective 1

Members Present
Lauren Hampson
Satoshi Nakamura
John Kang
Alex Gertel
Jung Choi

Things to change:

Marked down for task chart formatting-->Instead of listing the task chart in this document, we plan to change our task chart assignment 
to an excel spreadsheet.
We can have each team member have a section.  Then a column for to do, in progress, and completed, with tasks and sub tasks for each.
We will really focus on having a better and more understandable task chart for this sprint

We need to work on refactoring and review for this next sprint.  we will each make sure that by the first weekend we look at the github
and look for issues in each others code, go through and refactor and review, in order to follow the best practices.  Additionally we 
will need to review what high impact refactors will be.

Marked down on test driven development for not seperating shell and tests-->The first step in our task sheets for this next sprint will 
be more focused on the test driven development.  There will be steps like, write the tests, commit the tests, write the code, commit the 
code, repeat so that we can follow TDD.

Marked down for coding on development branch--> because we added tests and fixed merge conflicts in develop we were marked down. for 
this next sprint we will make sure to fix the merge conflicts in the feature branches and then merge it to develop.

Marked down for sustainable pace--> because we were marked down for not commiting code in the first part of the sprint, we will make 
sure to commit code, or documentation of our planning so that the graders can see our progress being made.


Sprint Review Notes
1. Create a template for the front end of a login page for the WeatherPlanning app. Base the page on firebase user authentication or 
google authentication. mockup login page, firebase or google authentication.
    What to add to Sprint and Product Backlog:
          Take away google authentication
          Have logout functionality 
          Change “Sing up” needs to be “sign up” on the Sign Up page
          Redirecting to the homepage from login and sign up
          Signing up signs in the user and redirects
          Logout button on the nav bar on other pages
          Valid account check on the log in 
          No guest user functionality on the website
          The user should be reflected across all pages
          Implement tests
2. To work on maintaining the user’s information beyond just a single session we plan to describe the system we want to implement, using 
tools like mySQL or Firebase, to work towards the final goal of maintaining the user’s information.
    What to add to Sprint and Product Backlog:
          Just implement the database using firebase and get feedback on it later
          Add tests for what you want to ask about
3. Explain/Mockup how we plan to view the results of prior searches, and get feedback on our design.
    What to add to Sprint and Product Backlog:
          Just implement what we think we should do and then ask questions.
          Could not get feedback on our design so far.
4. Modify one of the current webpages to the ideal modern UI, run by the team before implementing on all pages.
    What to add to Sprint and Product Backlog:
          Change the nav bar color to be darker so it stands out from the webpage
          Add the icons to the nav bar
          Make show me the weather button one line
          Change the “change units” button to a toggle between celsius and fahrenheit
          When results load the page should not have a scroll bar on the side
5. For the pagination of search results, change the front end for the search result table on one of the search pages, either Activity or 
Vacation, and make it a number of pages to click through instead of scrolling through many results.
    What to add to Sprint and Product Backlog:
          Sorting feature needs to be fixed
          Numbers need to start at one and continuously increase, should not update when the page is changed
          Next and previous buttons need to be added
          Show 5 pages at a time (if there are more than 5)
6. As a first step to ranking the cities based on likes, design out a potential system for tracking likes, such as the user saves a city 
to favorites, and each time a city is added to favorites by any users, then a like is added. 
    What to add to Sprint and Product Backlog:
          Implement what you think would work for liking photos and ask questions later
7. Have an added box for distance radius on both the Activity and Vacation page.
    What to add to Sprint and Product Backlog:
          Add radius to the search field
          Add tests for the radius
