Our Sprint Backlog following our Sprint 1 Planning Meeting goes as follows:

Sprint Backlog
1. Create a template for the front end of a login page for the WeatherPlanning app. Base the page on firebase user authentication or google authentication. mockup login page, firebase or google authentication.
2. To work on maintaining the user’s information beyond just a single session we plan to describe the system we want to implement, using tools like mySQL or Firebase, to work towards the final goal of maintaining the user’s information.
3. Explain/Mockup how we plan to view the results of prior searches, and get feedback on our design.
4. Modify one of the current webpages to the ideal modern UI, run by the team before implementing on all pages.
5. For the pagination of search results, change the front end for the search result table on one of the search pages, either Activity or Vacation, and make it a number of pages to click through instead of scrolling through many results.
6. As a first step to ranking the cities based on likes, design out a potential system for tracking likes, such as the user saves a city to favorites, and each time a city is added to favorites by any users, then a like is added. 
7. Have an added box for distance radius on both the Activity and Vacation page.

How were the Sprint Backlog Items chosen by the team?
In our initial sprint planning meeting, the team realized that it was essential that we use this 
first sprint to work broadly on all major parts of the product backlog, so that we could elicit 
information during our sprint demonstration.  Through this elicitation of information we could then 
modify our project in a way that fit the requirements specified by the professor and the CPs.  With 
this we decided to have 7 different items on the Sprint Backlog each of which being a breakdown of 
the corresponding Product Backlog item.  We decided to work mostly on the front end for this portion 
so that we could prototype what the system would look like and what it would do, and design out backend 
focused parts of our project, like the database generation.

Meeting Participants:
Lauren Hampson
Satoshi Nakamura
Jung Choi
Alex Gertel
John Kang

