How were the Sprint Backlog Items chosen by the team?

In our final sprint planning meeting, the team agreed that we would try our best to complete all aspects of the product backlog
and gain as many points as possible.  We realize the first things we need to do our the points that we gained feedback on, which 
are outlined in the backlog.  All other items will be broken down on the task chart and we will try to create a great final 
product.  It was really hard to get some of our questions answered during the sprint review, and we worry some of our questions 
may have been glossed over so we have decided to use our best judgement on some aspects of this project. We know we need to implement 
the things talked about in our sprint review, in order to at least gain more points in those sections and we will push ourselves to 
complete as much as possible.

Meeting Participants:

Lauren Hampson
Satoshi Nakamura
Jung Choi
Alex Gertel
John Kang


Because this is the final sprint, and we aim to complete all requirements our sprint and product backlogs are the same

1. The   application   must   be   secure   and   protect   confidentiality   of   users’   data. 
2. Make sure that when a new user logs in, all session data has been cleared and the website is reinitialized
3. Hash and unhash the passwords so that the users password is not stored as plain text in the firebase database
4. Make sure the log out button is on all pages. 
5. Maintain   users’   information   beyond   just   a   single   session 
6. View   results   of   prior   searches   via   search   history. 
7. Change the format of the search history page.  Instead of having a seperate search history page, make sure that it is the 
last 4 most recent searches and is only present on the homepage. Add accpetance tests for this as well.  Make sure they are only valid
searches
8. User   interfaces   must   look   modern   and   be   attractive. 
9. Acceptance tests needed for all UI aspects
10. Move the nav bar to the bottom of the page on all pages
11. Remove the num results field from the vacation and activity pages
12. Make sure that the UI is consistent on all pages
13. Make sure that the analysis page is fully funcitoning and has a consistent UI
14. Allow   for   pagination   of   results   returned   by   both   searches. 
15. Change the "prev" and "next" buttons on the vacation and activity pages to "Previous" and "Next"
16. For pagination, make sure to highlight the current page that the user is on in the results section
17. Allow   cities   returned   in   searches   to   be   ranked   by   likes. 
18. Implement the liking system.  Since we were unable to gain feedback we will implement this to the best of our knowledge, and add acceptance
tests to show how this works
19. Set   the   distance   radius   of   both   searche
20. Acceptance tests needed for the radius field on both vacation and activity
21. Make sure that there are adequate acceptance tests for all aspects of the project, regardless of whether or not we have gained feedback
22. Make sure that the accurate page is loaded when the user enters the website. 
23. Make sure that the password fit the minimum 6 character requirement from firebase
24. Add error alerts on all pages.
25. Make sure that all session data is cleared on log out.
26. Add the sorting functionality for the likes
